good afternoon you must be Martin that's
right you must be Anna that's right
I brought you some little gifts that's
very kind of you
it's a keyring with the musical note on
it for Kim because I know she likes
music
what a charming boy how long have you
known him quite some time I saw that was
pasted away I wouldn't see one more
thing I'm really sorry about Bob it's
nothing serious
no it is they will all get sick and died
Bob will die Kim will die your wife will
die understand no I don't
I was attracted to you she's got a great
body
he's got issues serious psychological
issues
[Music]
you do realize you were in this
situation because of you
[Applause]